John Paul Brammer is an author and artist from rural Oklahoma currently based in Brooklyn. In 2017, he launched Hola Papi, a popular advice column that became an award-winning book in 2021. His bylines include the New York Times, the Washington Post, GQ, and the New Yorker. His next book, an illustrated young-adult novel titled Samara, will be published next year.
Alex Bechtel creates new works of music, theatre, and musical theatre. He is the recipient of seven Barrymore Awards, an Independence Fellowship in the Arts, and the Next Forever Commission from Princeton University/The Civilians. He lives in New York City, and would like to know what you’re reading these days. See and hear more at alexbechtel.com
Corley Miller is a teacher at the University of Mary Washington in Virginia. He writes fiction and criticism about the contemporary.
Nia Watson is a writer based in NYC whose essays, poems and articles span culture, community, food and wellness. Her writing often explores reproductive health and race, examining—in literary form—what it truly means to "heal" the body and spirit.
Keegan Smith-Nichols is a librarian living in Iowa who is passionate about stargazing, rockhounding, and houseplants. He is a graduate of Antioch College and the University of Wisconsin-Madison. He can usually be found on the banks of the Cedar River, and his work has appeared in Fruitslice and elsewhere.
Kurt David is a public school teacher and unionist. He lives in South Philly with his boyfriend. 
Hannah Rubin is a writer, artist, and somatic practitioner whose work explores queer ecologies of gender, relationships, ritual, and loss. They live in Los Angeles where they work as a somatic practitioner, run an experimental writing school, and co-host a monthly poetry radio show with Noelle Armstrong on dublab radio.
Shawn Huckins is a New Hampshire based painter whose work examines and challenges contemporary American culture, offering pointed commentary on politics, societal norms, climate change, and the complexities of individual identity in the modern age. He reflects his appreciation of his homeland, all while equally criticizing the nation in a modern millennial fashion that blends irony, social awareness, and a demand for progress.
Halley Zein is a is a Brooklyn-based contemporary artist whose paintings depict claustrophobic interiors that contemplate tense juxtapositions between surface appearance and internal experience.
D’Shon McCarthy is a Philadelphia-based artist whose work engages with experiences of liminality through the complicated generational materiality negotiated by Black female embodiment.