Antares
John Paul Brammer


I arrived at Fire Island hoping to find a connection of some kind. The kind of connection wasn’t so important. To connect, I told myself, is the great gift of life. If I could find a bridge between myself and some so-and-so, I’d feel decently human. But this had always been the place where I was most certain that connection was impossible. 
In the dimension next to yours, our Fire Island is under no threat of shrinking. Rather, owing to a matrix of physics that would be seen as altogether alien to you, this Fire Island is at risk of expanding, of rising up like a sandy balloon, bursting, and expelling its expensive homes, gays, and mangy deer into the ocean in a great earthen belch. 
Despite this remote yet always-lurking possibility, doomed Fire Island remains a popular destination in the warmer months here on Terra-B, the Earth in the dimension next door. You will call it the Alt-D. The island’s fate in the Alt-D, if anything, enhances its Edenic aspects. An attractive gloom arcs over it like a purple aurora, drawing tourists and property owners. 
I, the Alt-Me, had recently received a financial windfall via the courts. An injustice had been committed against me in a MUJI store. Around the time the deposit hit, an acquaintance told me that a dead old man had bequeathed his Fire Island house to him. The old man had done so on account of my acquaintance’s extraordinary beauty. “Enjoy, Gorgeous ;)” read the will. 
My stunning acquaintance asked if I’d like to spend a week in that excellent house for $750 USD. I considered it, though I was no great Fire Island fan. It wasn’t fear of being lurched into the ocean that had historically deterred me. Scientists assure us such an event isn’t due for many decades. It was that, as in Terra-A, I’m shy and particular. Sharing a house with other people makes me anxious. I become clumsy. Prone to faux pas. Too early in some ways, too late in others. 
“But you’ll love the house,” my conventionally attractive friend, whose name is Moises, argued. “You should go just to study its bones. Bring your notebook. Sketch! Scribble!” I was swayed.
The house was an ornate jewel box. There was a beautiful vaunted ceiling and a beautiful tiled floor and beautiful men in it. I’m not so beautiful. I was to play the part of comic relief, but I wasn’t in that sort of mood. Moises introduced me with a great flourish of his arms. “Victor!”
Jake, Elias, Martin, and Teddy were a squawking medley of golden curls and tight, oiled torsos. It was Roy who caught my eye. Roy was a looker, but there was something husbandly about his appearances. Not shiny. Not slippery. I could imagine him rummaging through the fridge in our home as I slept.  
I lied about the sort of connection I was after, when I said any kind of connection would do. A total fib. Some connections are more gorgeous than others. Everyone knows that. I narrowed my focus to Roy. I thought perhaps I was meeting either my spouse or my summer limerence, so I ought to put my best foot forward.
Such an opportunity would have to wait, as first we had to engage in the communal practice of tuning into our favorite reality competition show, Warrior Queen. The contestants are drag queens. There is a melee aspect. The melee aspect chiefs all others. There is the occasional death.
Following the episode, we gathered around in a hot tub to deliberate. I was disappointed as always in my community’s opinions, which were painfully safe. Then it was only Roy and I in the hot tub. He looked at me. I am in love, I thought. I am in love with a boy named Roy! 
“I was rooting for Addendum,” he opened. 
I brightened. “So was I. A total last cause, but I was compelled. So few queens use a whip.”
“I hope she goes on to slay the world.”
“She’ll go on to slay the world.” 
“People had high expectations for her, because of Ghee,” Roy said. “She’s from the same house.”
“Ghee was unstoppable in her season,” I said. “As expected from the Legendary House of Clarity.”
“You remember Strong Kritique.”
“I remember Strong Kritique. My favorite Clarity queen didn’t make it to the finale, but I really loved Unambiguous Terms.”
“Love Unambiguous Terms.”
The effects of microplastics can’t be studied because there’s no control group. Roy and I were smiling at each other. 
“Where are you from?” I asked.
“Kentucky. You?”
“Here.”
“Fire Island?”
“No,” I said. “Across the bay.”
“Wow. You must have come here all the time.”
“The truth is that I avoided and hated it with my life,” I said.
“Too familiar?”
I wanted to tell Roy about the strange experience of witnessing, from an early age, a steady current of people passing through my town and into the island. I knew I was gay at an early age. The current of people disturbed me. It was like seeing my future self at every stage of life, as well as every possibility of what I could be: the slutty one the handsome one the silly one the pitiable one the old one the young one. I watched with the dread of fate as they streamed by. All of them oily, lathered, shiny; too slippery, I thought, to be held.
“That’s a good way to put it,” I said. “Too familiar, but also not.” 
Roy I would so appreciate it if you melted with me in this hot tub so we could become each other. 
“May I ask you something that veers on the personal?” he asked.
“I see no reason why not.”
“Give me your thoughts on Malevolent Hoof.” 
“God,” I sighed with an exaggerated roll of my eyes. “Not her.” 
Roy recoiled slightly. I’d ruined everything. “I kind of love her.”
I didn’t anticipate Roy’s allegiance to Malevolent Hoof, a reviled queen, at least in my circle. She had after all employed many dirty tricks and crossed several boundaries with her castmates. Her antics were notorious and condemned. 
And yet, I myself had enjoyed Malevolent Hoof.
I had always enjoyed Malevolent Hoof. 
It was that I enjoyed her in a way I found difficult to articulate. While I couldn’t condone her behavior, I found them refreshing in the increasingly manicured environment of Warrior Queen, where deaths and even wounds were becoming rarer and rarer. In order to endorse Malevolent Hoof, I’d first have to express my growing exhaustion with the franchise on the whole, which could reasonably be seen as false. Exhaustion with the franchise is common, passé, and so it was easier to simply share in the easy disapproval of Malevolent Hoof, a sentiment I did understand and, to some extent, hold myself, but which betrayed the true nature of my feelings. 
Had I simply been honest, perhaps Roy and I might have alighted on something rare and mutual between us. But I also knew that if I were to be honest now, it would expose something desperate and false and unforgivable. 
“Oh, damn, I have to check my phone inside,” he said. “I might be back, though.”
I found it unbearable to think that an entire life of love-making and marital arguments might be scrapped because of an early out in a throwaway season of a reality TV competition.
“No worries,” I said. I sank beneath the water and hoped the hot tub would cook me.
Another quirk of the Alt-D is that, unlike your D, it’s known, and considered banal here, that you exist, that there’s a mirror dimension. Children learn of it around the same time they learn of Saturn’s rings. On occasion, one might wax poetic about what their other self is doing, in the way that you in Terra-A might stare at the moon and dream up possibilities, or prose. Doing so is considered mawkish and overly sentimental. I do it quite often. I wonder how I’m different, and how I’m the same.
The man responsible for this discovery, Jean-Luc Troudechienne, a Frenchman often depicted under a voluminous white wig, was a brilliant inventor, but was excommunicated by perhaps not the most powerful but certainly the sveltest pope at the time. A devout Catholic, Troudechienne went into self-imposed exile, went mad, and committed suicide via one of his famed, intricate doohickeys that later served as a template for a common household appliance I have no time to explain.

–––––(fish icon page breaker)–––––

“Hey plucker!”[1]


[Let us quickly address a nuance here in the cultural status of homosexuals in the Alt-D, where there was a slight wrinkle in the timeline of European colonization attributable to the existence (and ultimate extinguishment) of a common bird in the Americas, the emerald-back glosswing. The emerald-back glosswing was brown but with an iridescent, shimmering green back. It was prized for its feathers and for the supposed healing properties of its liver. A shrewd tribe in Our Massachusetts took note of the English obsession with a bird they considered rather ordinary and constructed an elaborate mythos around the creature. It was they, the tribe, and they alone who knew how to make precious medicine of the bird’s liver, or so the myth went. This process could not be taught, was related in some way to blood, and it happened that the tribe’s shamans who made this medicine were uniformly homosexual, and so Alt-D’s “gay community,” while it would be mostly recognizable to you, carries a vague association with avian themes, and words such as “plucky” and “plucker,” as well as the archaic “emerald-back” and “liver peddler,” are at once considered derogatory, but also used as twee linguistic decoration among pluckers themselves in casual conversation.] *footnote style
Joining the boys at Tea, talk with beautiful Moises turned naturally to the subject of reincarnation. We did a bump of ketamine. Moises, staring out at the bay, told me he’d like to return not as a person, but as some kind of generic fish. “Maybe I was a fish before I was Moises,” he said, sipping his drink. “As a kid, I thought I could breathe underwater. I almost drowned once, at the Holiday Inn.”
“Do you ever wonder,” I said, joining my gaze to his, “if the other you can dance?”
“How a bump summons the poet.”
“He could be dancing right now.”
“You’re silly.”
“There are no dimensions in which I can dance,” I declared. “Assuming there are others beyond just the two, the two of which we are all aware. If I dance in any of them, it’s because dance is mandatory, like currency.” 
“Oh, stop it.”
I was mourning something he’d likely not understand. 
“Is it really so bad,” I continued, “to be un-beautiful?”
I felt lame. I ascribed to physical beauty what I really meant was a lack, a gorgeous lack, a lack of something gorgeous; a force, a feeling. I doubted it was my body alone that kept me from it, but my body was what was easiest to point to.  
“I love this about you,” Moises said, turning to me. “I really do. It’s why I knew you’d enjoy the house, even if you’re not a fan of the island. When I saw the ceiling and the sliding bedroom doors, I thought of you.” I noticed a man behind him admiring Moises’ aegean curls. “I know how you worry. You worry about things like this. You do. That’s so special. But you think too much. Why don’t we go dancing tonight?”
“I hope he has someone.”
“Who?”
“The other me.”
“I hope he has a tail! You’re definitely getting reincarnated. You’re coming back for sure. You’ve got a lot of self, drama queen!” He playfully squeezed my shoulder. “I adore you. Let’s go to the bathroom and do another bump. Then we’ll dance.” 




–––––(page breaker)–––––




We danced. We danced until it got dark, though Moises shuffled off to a new group I did not feel magnetized to. I thought now I could slink off back to the house and perform my prayers. But there he was, standing in the dark, at the seam where the music thinned and lower voices began.
“Hey,” he said.
How shocked I was when he claimed me. I’d thought our chances ruined, given my dismissal of Malevolent Hoof. He joined his stride to mine, our voices wrapped in the low-pass filtered pop music from inside. The night sky was clear, illuminating. We walked in silence toward the beach. We didn’t say a word until we’d reached the sand. 
“When I was in Europe, they didn’t refrigerate their eggs,” Roy said.
“Interesting.”
“Wouldn’t it be nice to have an egg bowl in your kitchen? But you can’t. Not in the U.S. They wash them here, so they lose their protective coating.”
“Terrible. Our country does terrible things.”
We stumbled upon some lesbians who were looking through binoculars at the sky. “Want to look?” asked one.
“Sure.”
“That’s not Mars,” she said, pointing. “It looks like Mars, but it isn’t. It’s Antares.” 
I looked at Antares, anti-ares, Not Mars. 
It’s only from so far away that it looks like they’re making love. In both dimensions, the dual stars are some 79.1 terameters (529 AU) apart, a distance so vast it holds nothing for us non-astronomers. 
But from here, or, rather, from there, I saw through the binoculars passionate fucking between the two celestial bodies. Antares A: red; great, dying. Antares B: blue-white; hotter, smaller. Between them: a flickering, emerald green. 
It looks like it’s going totally nuts. The sort of autophilic frenzy at the center of a sun. All these things were Antares, part of the Scorpius constellation, one of the few constellations to remain consistent in both dimensions. Both worlds agree: that’s a scorpion. 
“Do you ever wonder…” I asked Roy, but trailed off. I partitioned my attention in two. I was looking up at Antares, and searching through the soles of my feet for some sign that the ground was swelling up like a balloon.
“Sometimes,” he said. 



The Debutante
Corley Miller


Because she had grown up in Yalecrest, and because she had been in school and Cotillion and Salt Lake City Debutante with a lot of these boys, and knew which reputations they had acquired at which canyonside parties or speech and debate trips to Provo, and because she had once, at 17, seduced a German chemical engineer while on a family vacation to Cancun, Aisling’s judgments had acquired by spring semester a certain authority with her freshman roommate Holly, who was less experienced. Weird, gross, sketchy—these pronouncements could hold great wisdom. 
“Okay, like, Olin’s not gross,” Aisling conceded, speaking about Holly’s January boyfriend, a sturdy and considerate geologist who, nevertheless, did not go to parties and did not have social media. “Maybe he’s a bit weird. I just feel you are dimmed and not brightened by him.”
They were watching Terrace House in Aisling’s bottom bunk, site of their deepest conversations. Here things Aisling said seemed impossibly wise: as though a girl could go her whole life, considering dimmings and brightening. 
“He knows cool hikes,” Holly protested, for she did like Olin. 
“I feel you should grow apart,” Aisling said, and hit play. As though a girl could grow apart from someone on purpose. 
When her father came to town at the beginning of February and insisted on taking Holly and Olin out to dinner, Holly hoped it would go well, partly to prove something to Aisling. But the appetizers had not even been delivered when Olin started talking about his wind turbine class and Holly’s father asked if he was some kind of communist and after some stuttering back-and-forth Olin said yes. yes I am a communist. 
After that Holly could satisfy no one. For tuition-continuance reasons Holly had to go back to the fancy Grand American Hotel with her father; for humanitarian reasons she had to sit in the big suite’s second bed looking out the window at the Mormon temple, simultaneously texting Olin one million apologies and defending him shyly to her father, protesting that it was just a class, and preparation for a good job, and why was he so crazy about wind anyways, if everybody had wind turbines fewer people would get hurt on oilfields—
Holly’s phone died. Holly’s dad wanted to go to bed. Holly took the light rail back to campus, then started up the hill, wishing she felt less dimmed. She thought of home: a far cold valley of Montana, 40 minutes of dirt road from a highway turnout that was, itself, 40 minutes from the closest grocery store, less than 14 year-round residents, school online even before the pandemic. Her father had bought a whole ranch up there when Holly was seven, after the injury settlement, 15 cows and a well and 10 feet of snow every winter and no one to talk to other than the Internet.
You could find boyfriends on the Internet, if you pretended to be someone other than Holly, older or more daring, and if you didn’t care whether the boyfriends were pretending too. Pierre from Paris, Andy from Cape Coral, sunkissed selfies with one thousand muscles, and Holly would think: if you looked like that, Pierre, you’d have something better to do on Saturday night in Paris than ask about my fantasies. But she was not sending real pictures of herself either. She hoped one day to discover a talent, for chemistry or clandestine operations, and knew she needed to leave the valley in order to discover it.
But what talent? Not chemistry, fall semester had proven. Not boyfriends either. And now, as she crests the hill to Fuller, her key card won’t work. She smushes it at the reader over and over again, and the little light keeps beeping red. Like she is no one, which is what she fears most—at the bottom of her soul, no granite valley floor but just layers of packed snow, fused to ice by time and pressure but certain to melt in the first bright light. 
“ID not working?” Someone sauntering out of the dark to help.
“Oh my God, thank you!” Holly practically collapses with relief. 
“No problem. Hey, Holly, right? We’re in that theater class together?”
It’s Jason Ingles. 
“Oh,” Holly says, “Yeah. Jason? I didn’t know you lived here.”
“I don’t!” Jason says, winking as he swipes his own card. “Just making a little visit.”
Holly knows she will have to tell Aisling about the breakup. But, miffed that Aisling has been correct, she decides not to tell her about Jason Ingles, who she will keep as a special present for herself.


*


Perhaps it was because of Jason Ingles that Aisling insisted they take Introduction to Theatrical Production together—Professor Dinkins’ class, where 18 freshman put on a play. Jason is hot, in a lanky indolent way, but Ingles is the bigger thing: the ground floor of Fuller has an Ingles Innovation Center, and Holly’s calculus class is in  Ingles Hall, all named for a grand old Mormon family, and Aisling knew that Jason Ingles was the great-grand-nephew of the Ingles who paid for all these buildings and would be taking this class. 
The play this year is called Carabiners. Four friends get lost on a hike, and when they stop to look at the map they must find themselves in a meditation way as well—fears and desires, everyone loses it, Carey thinks about deleting the code that runs his company and Brian hides the engagement ring under a pile of rocks.
Then around the 80-minute mark, Carey and Matt realize they’re both afraid of success, and Josephine finds the wedding ring under the rocks, and Brian finally asks for help with the map, and in five minutes everyone loves each other again and they realize the map was upside down: there’s a brewery two miles away. 
“I think it’s sweet,” Aisling said, after Dinkins assigned a three-page analysis paper in January. “Everybody learns their lesson.”
“I think it’s kind of sappy,” Holly said. She typed that into Norah, the AI she likes best, and it didn’t say anything very interesting, so she uploaded the PDF of the script.
Maybe by ‘sappy’ you mean that it makes it seem too easy for these friends to solve their problems, and that makes the play seem less true —not a sophisticated dramatic exploration, but a bedtime story for the audience. 
That was part of it, and the paper was due in 20 minutes, so Holly reworded a little and got a B+.
The Thursday after the Olin thing, Dinkins leads them through the February frost to their theatre, which is all black—black seats, black curtains, black walls, very serious, except for a shabby backstage, with side mirrors and stained couches. Holly finds the whole thing very cool, still gets excited about anything lots of people do together. 
Separating the backstage part from the theater is a line of blue masking tape on the floor. 
“On this side of the line,” Dinkins says, “you are in the wings, which means you can be your own boring little ugly self, where nobody can see.” 
“But on this side of the line,” Dinkins says, placing one colorful sneaker over the line, “the audience can see you, which means you have to be somebody else. You have to be somebody interesting, so that everyone can sit there and look at you for 75 minutes and feel like they have had fun. You have to be that person completely, not just say their lines.”  Holly sends a wicked smile at Aisling—she can feel the brightening. 
For the rest of class, they draw from a hat with little character descriptions. Jason Ingles does a campy, snickering hates their dog. Aisling, who was in Twelfth Night in high school, swaps smiles and grimaces for embarrassed about new haircut. 
Holly draws smug Aquarius. She’s fucked. She doesn’t really know what Aquarius is.
“Aquarius is like,” Aisling whispers, “you’re really good at projects, but sometimes you forget about people.”
So Holly does her best: she goes over the line, puts her chin up in the air, tries to act like she’s showing someone the valley for the first time. 
“Oh yes,” Dinkins cries. “Roll those hips, Holly! You’re off to save the world and break hearts along the way!” 
Via a brief email Thursday night, Holly is given the role of Josephine. 
“Wait, you? Got Josephine?” Aisling says. “Wow.”
“Yeah, wow,” Holly says. “Wow.”
“I mean do you even like the play? Like that’s crazy that you got the lead. That’s so weird. I mean I guess technically Brian or Carey is probably the lead, but Josephine is like. I mean do you even want it?”
“I don’t know,” Holly says, wary. “I guess it’ll be fun. To try.”
“Yeah,” Aisling says. “That’s totally what the class is about. Giving people a chance to try. Inexperienced. It’s an introduction, right?”
Aisling has been made stage manager. And when they scroll all the way down, they see that Jason Ingles has been made assistant director. 
“Hot. Maybe he’ll exploit his position of power,” Aisling says. “Maybe he’ll take advantage of me in the changing room.” In a few minutes she makes a full recovery: she had always wanted stage manager, actually, because the stage manager has to know the whole play, it’s really very important, there’s more to theater than just acting, which, she says, is really the simplest part, because you can get away with anything as long as you’re charming.


*


What do I do if my friend is being kind of weird about something good that happened to me, Holly asks Norah. 
You could try sharing her feelings; you could let the friend process their feelings and hope things improve; you could consider moving on from the friendship either temporarily or more permanently.
I mean it’s not that serious but I think she is kind of jealous because she thought she was gonna be the star of this play and apparently it’s me, Holly types.
It can be really hard to deal with a jealous friend. Especially, Holly, when you are just trying to spread your wings in a new environment. Are you sure you need people like this in your life?
Holly has explained it wrong. There is something she has not been able to say. She sits and looks at the screen for a minute, for two. It is late. Aisling is out with girls from high school.
She types a little. She’s thinking of the first weeks of school, August, five times hotter than the valley, driving down with her brother, shopping at Target, still nervous in large buildings, or around more than five people, or cars going fast, cars cars cars, and Aisling at dinner on day two, asking why are you so anxious like you’re really pretty. Sorry is that weird that I asked? And Holly doesn’t have any other ideas than tell her, the whole story, dad and accident and settlement and valley, because otherwise what is her life but a long useless wound, and they sit in the dining hall till the lights go out, and Aisling grabs her hand and says we are going to have so much fun. And Holly feels, maybe for the first time, brightened. And two weeks later they are both rushing Delta Gamma, and Aisling fits right in, has all the right boots and bracelets, knows one of the girls from lacrosse, is definitely making it, but Holly on the other hand—wrong shoes, wrong dresses, always looks like a lost hiker, and at the third or fourth event, coming back from the bathroom, they hear some of the girls saying she is weird. It’s like she’s poor or something. And like there is nothing wrong with being poor there are a lot of things for poor people to do but like not this. 
And the thing was, Holly types, the thing was they were wrong, Holly is not poor, the company paid her dad $35 million, way more than any of their dumb lawyer dads, it’s just these girls have their own credit cards and Holly has to ask for everything, send amazon links to the valley so her dad can yell about loose morals and college turning his daughter into a slut, but are at the same time right, Holly is a different kind of person, one who is misplaced, who is pretending and doing a little worse job of it than she should, and will always be, and she’s about to cry, right there at the Vacation Vibes party, when Aisling sends her a trust-me smile and goes right up to those bitches, including her old lacrosse teammate and says you fucking bitches. You fucking bitches. She’s just from somewhere else what is wrong with you. And neither of them end up Delta Gamma sisters, and maybe it’s the first time in Holly’s life that someone has taken her side, when Aisling could have been going to winter formals with two hundred other girls who all know who they are, who are something, unlike Holly, who keeps trying things, looking for the talent, sorority girl, social dance, ultimate frisbee, keg stands, Christianity, sex, and even, in rock-bottom November, Dungeons & Dragons, and none of them working, except for being a friend, maybe that has been working, maybe that is the one thing, the talent, and now acting, and it just feels so bad for the two things she has been any good at to seem now like threats to one another, like acting has made her a bad friend, and she hates it, wants to throw up, just a little but all the time, and she needs help and can Norah help what can she do?
So she tries to type that out. 
And Norah says, Sorry, Holly, you are out of tokens for today. Would you like to upgrade to a premium account to keep chatting? 


*


February goes by. Aisling dates and dumps a kid from the student newspaper. A sleet storm knocks out the satellite dish in the valley and Holly spends three days not knowing if the family is alive. Professor Dinkins tells her about ‘cheating out,’ or feeling the lint in her pocket instead of thinking. Ashlyn gives her breathing exercises to do after dinner, and tongue twisters to repeat, and Holly gets 50 chances to do everything, to become Josephine, feels her diaphragm getting stronger and her eyes getting brighter. She’s still not sure about the script, but it’s her favorite class.
At the last big rehearsal of February, there are eight big boxes waiting on the stage. Dinkins seems as surprised as they are, things of calling campus security. That’s when Jason Ingles steps in.
“Oh, no—” he says. “That’s just—that’s—let’s open it.”
Inside is camping equipment. Expensive, brand new, from REI. Backpacks and coats, all the props they’ve been missing, but way more than they’ll ever use—a whole set for everyone in the class, tents and sleeping bags and neon colored jackets.
“Jason—?” Dinkins asks.
“Well, yeah, that’s—that’s for all of us. To keep. I saw my great uncle over the weekend, and he got really excited, you know, wanted to get involved?”
“On behalf of the backstage team,” Aisling interjects, bright as a blaze. “thank you so much. This will make such a difference.” Holly can see her planning an attempt.
Is she thinking of Aisling, then, Aisling and Jason, when she steps over the masking tape for that day’s rehearsal? They are doing Josephine’s big scene, where she finds the wedding ring and confesses to Carey her uncertainty, her anxiety, the astonishing weight her own life has taken on—
“Josephine?” Dinkins says, with a rare frown. “Josephine. Where’s Josephine?”
“Right here,” Holly says.
“I’m not so sure,” Dinkins says. “I’m not feeling her.” 
“OK,” Holly says, ready to be wrong at first. But then she is trying something else—she’s on stage after all. “OK but? I don’t really get this ending.”
Jenkins just looks at her and blinks.
“I don’t know,” Holly says, feeling like she needs Norah’s help. “I just feel like everyone’s problems get solved too easily, like Josephine has some really good points—”
“Who has really good points?” Dinkins says, low and curt.
“Josephine? Like this is real stuff about Brian, and then he’s just gonna ask for help one time—”
“Which side of the line are you on?”
“What?”
“Which side of the line are you on?”
“I’m on stage,” Holly says, hunting for lint within her new plastic pockets.
“So who are you?”
“I’m Josephine,”
“So be Josephine,” Dinkins says. “We can talk about Holly’s issues a different time.” Behind him in the low lights Holly can see Jason, hand on his chin, and Aisling beside him.
On the way up the hill that night, alone, Holly realizes what she should’ve said—how it’s too easy in the play, how they all change their minds and then everything’s better. But in Holly’s experience what’s wrong with someone’s life isn’t necessarily something you can fix by changing your mind, or getting a little scared outside. You could die anytime in the valley, snowstorm or avalanche or brown bear, and people still had all kinds of problems. And what could a person have done about it, if they were 12 or 15 and terribly alone, what map could they turn right side up, what new weather would come?
She texts Olin.
(hey, are we still,) she types. Still what, though? Dating, talking, friends? 
(hey are we still together) she texts, then regrets it. Pure cringe—she’s made it sound so formal, so adult, such a commitment.
(I don’t know, Holly.) Always the capital letters with him, the correct punctuation. (I think you have to pick a side eventually. Actually I really think that.)
She knows what to send back: (I pick you), she can text, just eight little letters, and go over and go up the stairs and climb onto the couch in his dorm room and hear him talk about something new, a heat pump or an electrified grid or an innovative bus system, something that will help a city he has never seen. (I pick you) is all she has to say.
But each minute she walks, across the cold campus with its pools of yellow light,  it feels more and more impossible to send that text. It is as though she has left those words somewhere behind her, as an object on the ground, a keychain or a wrapper that someone else will find tomorrow. 


*


 Our benefactor has invited us to dinner. If you are available, he will host us all at Arlo on Sunday night, the 26th of March. 
They dress up together—Aisling for Jason Ingles in a tight bronze wrap, Holly borrowing a silver top that shimmers. On the bus downtown, in their new puffy coats, they look around smugly at everyone who is not going to dinner with a billionaire—a multimillionaire? Holly is not quite sure—his name is on buildings, a buildingaire, and that is enough to fill Holly with the unseasonable sunlight of becoming. 
At dinner, Aisling helps Holly with the new flavor words on the menu, talking across Jason Ingles, who finds it a great joke. Everyone is having a great time, even though the buildingaire himself is a little underwhelming—40 or 45, squinting through his glasses, with an unstylish white T-shirt underneath his dress shirt. But he’s very confident with the wine list, and Dinkins seems to love him, and he asks everyone fun little questions about their favorite plays and places. 
After dessert he tinks his fork against the glass to make an announcement. 
“As I’m sure everyone knows,” Professor Dinkins says, rising. “Mr. Ingles is a huge supporter of the theater, and one of the really lovely things about producing new work is that we can always improvise, always try out different stories and ideas.”
Now Joshua Ingles stands up. “My grand-nephew tells me that some of you have had some criticisms of the script, especially toward the end.” 
Jason’s hand, just lightly, touches Holly’s thigh. She shoots her eyes right and is glad Aisling isn’t watching.
“And, after reading it, I agree. I think the play can be more honest about the real world, and how it works. Isn’t that the point of art? Honesty? So a few of us—my nephew—have been working on some rewrites. We’re hoping to be able to show you at this week’s class.”
People look around, a little confused, and Holly decides she’d better be the first one to clap. Josephine wouldn’t, but Holly—this new Holly, anyways—would.


*


Hey, says the email. It’s Jason from class. I wanted to show you a little of what we’re thinking of doing with the play— want to get together sometime this week?
Holly doesn’t even think about telling Aisling. She just walks over, on Monday night. He lives in a real house west of campus, with furniture and art on the walls. On the clean wooden coffee table in front of the window are pages of Carabiners, crossed out and highlighted. 
“Can I show you what we’re—” Jason begins. But Holly is over the line, and now she doesn’t even let Jason finish his sentence but steps forward, grabs his neck and pulls him down to kiss her. 
Holly’s only ever been with two people, Olin and this guy at a party in October, and had hoped the furniture portended a different kind of experience, but he’s actually kind of anxious, doesn’t look her in the eyes, which Olin was really good at. The whole time she feels like someone’s cheating out, appealing not to her but some imagined audience. When he goes to clean up Holly lies on the couch and imagines for a moment that it is her house, her furniture, her green couch to lie on naked.
“I really do want to show you what we’re thinking,” he says, when he gets back, and spreads the pages out in front of them. “So we were thinking—my great-uncle was thinking, actually—he was thinking that actually things are a little darker.”
“Darker?” 
“Yeah, oh, and we were gonna do more Josephine at the end.”
“More Josephine?”
“Yeah, so like. We were thinking, what if they don’t get rescued? Like isn’t that a truer? Like a situation where you see, like, who people really are? And they have to deal with real problems?”
“That’s what I’ve been saying,” Holly says.
“So we were thinking that after Brian hides the ring, right, we do a scene change, and then it’s night, and Matt and Carey get into it again about the company, and Matt actually gets out the machete—”
“The machete? Do they even have a machete?”
“Oh, yeah, so we added a machete in, uh, scene 3—”
“Wait, so Matt has the machete?”
“Yeah, and then, wait, I should’ve started with this—so it ends up with Josephine doing this, I guess technically it’s a soliloquy, this is really the good part, hold on, let me find it—”
Just then Jason gets a phone call. When he sees who it is he reaches to put his shirt on. 
Holly picks up the closest sheet of paper. 


JOSEPHINE (cont.d) 


…wonder whether I’ll regret it? And then I wonder if I care. I regret a lot of things. I think that’s how I got lost—too many regrets. Always thinking of how other people would feel. 


“This is interesting,” Holly says. Jason gives her a shush finger. 


But when no one gets hurt, no problems get solved. So I think I do have to hurt Brian…


“Ok, you might have to go in a bit, but can I get some footage of you?” Jason asks, hanging up.
“What?” Holly asks. “Wait, do I break up with Brian?”
“Yeah,” says Jason, “Sort of. But, look, so there’s this—we were thinking about a multimedia? You know? With some scenes that we thought were really—really true, but we can’t produce on stage. So like. If I can just get like two minutes—of you talking—” he is lifting his phone, opening some app—“then we can like, really realize, you know, the vision, with this AI we have—”
“Whoa,” says Holly. “Like—talk about? What’s with the machete? Jason, this is kind of all really weird. I mean obviously, like, exciting, but—”
“Perfect!” He says, “Perfect! Can you do like two more, with a little more Josephine? And then you gotta go, my dad is coming to pick me up for a thing, I gotta get dressed—”


*


“Most of the changes,” says Joshua Ingles, buildingaire, “are after page 60. If you flip to 72, you can see we’ve added a time skip, taking us to night, and here’s where Matt and Carey get into it. Stage manager, will you read the directions?”
They are scattered around downstage, actors and understudies sitting on the lip and the rest of the class in the front row reading binders with the new script. Joshua Ingles brought them himself. 


MATT


I think it’s a stupid idea. I don’t care how much money we get. Don’t we have a duty—a duty to our dream?


CAREY


We can have another dream, Matt. They’re not buying us. They’re just buying this piece of code—and we never wanted to run a big business anyways. That’s not who we are. We should just leave that the people who know better—


Matt picks up the machete.


MATT


I’m sorry. I can’t let you give this—I really think they’re evil.


CAREY


They’re not evil just because they’re rich, Matt. 


Matt stands up. Matt—


“Wait. Time out,” Aisling says. “Matt does what?” 
“Can you read the line, please?” asks Joshua. 
“This is crazy,” Aisling says. “Are we really—are we really—”
“Can you read the line, please?”
Holly looks for Dinkins—he’s just sitting there, at the end of the row. With a blank face.
“Please read the line,” says Joshua Ingles.
“Matt stands up,” Aisling says. “Matt swings the machete at Carey. Carey ducks, then grabs Matt’s wrist.”


MATT
I won’t let them have it!


CAREY 
It was always going to come down to this! Underneath all your yoga classes and book clubs, you’re a killer! You’re just as bad as they are!


They struggle over the machete, and then fall down. When they arise— 


“I’m sorry, what on earth—” Aisling says.
“Please read the line,” says Joshua.
“The machete is through Matt’s heart, it says, that’s the stupid line, it says the machete is through Matt’s heart. Are you happy? That’s the line. Professor—Professor, did you sign off on this? Because this is crazy—”
“Why don’t we take five,” says professor Dinkins. “Aisling, why don’t we chat in the green room.”
On her way to the green room, Aisling grabs Holly by the wrist, pulling her along after. 
“Let’s go,” she mutters.
In the green room, Professor Dinkins is sitting on the couch with more stains. He is wearing his cucumber-colored shirt, and his paisley blazer, but he does not look like somebody interesting. 
“Aisling—girls—I know this is a big rewrite—” 
“I mean I just want to know what is going on,” Aisling says. “Like they have turned this into a slasher play? And you’re just OK with it? As our professor? Don’t you have some kind of creative, I don’t know, some kind of control or something?”
“Well,” says Professor Dinkins. “I’m afraid it has become kind of a complicated situation, with this class.”
“Complicated?” Aisling asks. “Complicated? It’s crazy. Isn’t this play by your friend? The new stuff is terrible—”
“Alright,” says the professor. “All right. Against my better judgment, I’m going to talk to you like adults.”
“What?” Aisling says. 
“So I don’t know,” the professor begins, “whether you have been following the situation—the situation with the university. But there has been a lot of—a lot of questions have been asked about, about us at the theater department, and whether we are aligned with, well, with the values and the priorities of the state of Utah, and, well, Mr. Ingles, Joshua, is actually one of our trustees, and I think everyone’s sense, in the department, well, is that his support, both, you know, for this play, and for the department, you know, our mission—”
“This is the grossest thing,” Aisling says. “You’re all cowards. Holly, let’s go.”
She grabs Holly’s wrist again, but this time Holly doesn’t go.
“Let’s go,” she says.
But Holly plants her feet, and thinks of the valley, and the distance, and the dirt road, and the long unfamous highway—
“Holly—” Aisling starts.
“I want to see how the rest of the script goes,” Holly says. “I’m curious.”
Aisling’s head snaps back, like she’s been hit. And her mouth opens, to say something, offer some pronouncement, but then she just turns and walks out. After a minute Holly hears the distant whoop of the fire exit alarm.
Holly stays at the reading till the class ends: through the next scene, when Josephine leaves Brian for Carey, saying ‘I just need someone dominant.’ And the one right after, where Brian picks up the machete and attacks Carey. She flips forward in the script and finds one of Brian’s lines that ends with “if you’d like, I can generate some options where the violence at the heart of all social relations is even more vividly demonstrated.”
Before the class gets there, though, Jason goes up to the control booth and rolls down the big screen.
“We figured we needed something a little more expansive for this,” says Joshua Ingles, “to get to the truth.”
Then the movie starts—a slow pan up, across a red field, lit by fire and—and gore, actually, lumps and entrails. At the center stands a slim woman, lit from behind by the fire. 
Holly recognizes the machete, the Norah-video watermark. And then she recognizes Holly—her eyes a little bigger, her chin a little pointier, but Holly, Holly from the valley. With blood running down her cheek, and the fire behind her reflected somehow in her eyes, and maybe an unusual number of fingers wrapped around the machete. But it is Holly. In a minute, she knows, Brian will step in, and Josephine will drop the machete to cling to him. But for now, there she is, Holly—the star of the show, the survivor. 


*


They aren’t roommates the next year. Aisling files the paperwork by herself in late March, same day she withdraws from Introduction to Theatrical Production, and though they do still watch the same shows sometimes they do not talk much, other than about things left in the bathroom. The play has a three-night run in April, and though a total of 22 people attend the Salt Lake Citizen reviews it as bold and innovative, and compliments Holly. She puts it on the bulletin board in 409, and a couple days later Aisling leaves a post-it: you know Ingles OWNS this paper right?
On moveout day, Holly figures she should say something.
“Uhh, thanks—you know. This was really, like—”
Aisling crabs across the room, never looking at Holly, then hugs her like she is touching something hot, a pair of fast slaps around Holly’s shoulders.
They arrange one phone call that summer, Holly telling about swans from the valley and Aisling about parties from her parents’ place by Bear Lake. Holly doesn’t say ‘you should come up, you’re so close,’ and Aisling doesn’t ask. They see each other at school a few times. 
The next time Holly hears from Aisling she is 28 and living with three other girls on Leonard Street, in a penthouse belonging to Serge, this crypto guy her boyfriend Nico knows. Serge is usually out of town, doesn’t pick up Holly’s calls about maintenance or key replacement, then shows up for eight days and wants everybody to party all night with him at YXK or Transformer, doesn’t quite call it rent—an annoyance, Holly feels like she’s in someone’s cabinet of curios. Otherwise it’s perfect, for an actress: she pays zero dollars in cash rent, and has been able to cut back to working just one day behind the desk at Naragama gallery. 18 months ago she’d been working five days, scraping supporting roles in off-off Broadway shows, going nowhere—now her career is blowing up. And not because she’s spending more time practicing or auditioning—but now, because she isn’t working to pay to split a closet in Bushwick, she has time to go to everything: every opening, every dinner, every afterparty. And then—this is the trick—the directors have all seen you before, remember what a great time they had at Kremlin Keep, decide it would be cool to have you in the role. 
It’s how she got her current role: Clara, the aging Bohemianess in Triangle Trade. The play is kind of like the original draft of Carabiners, where everyone’s lost and gets anxious, except it takes place downtown, and everybody’s an artist or a playwright or a dance critic. It’s been extended three times now, and finally got written up in the Times, which is probably how Aisling heard about it, and sent this weird little message:


Hey babe! Was thinking about you so fondly last week—and I’m actually coming to New York next month for work.
I saw your play is doing really well! I’ll try and come see it, but I’d love to make some time to catch up. 


“An actual Facebook message,” Holly laughs. She’s at Nico’s studio, down by the Seaport, where he’s working on a huge sculpture for some AI conference thing. Holly thinks it’s a little dumb, a 10 foot lozenge they want to call Purity and paint white and blue, but no one asks Holly. 
“What, babe?” Nico asks. 
“Oh, just some old friend from undergrad,” Holly says. 
“Normie shit,” Nico says. “Leave them all behind.”
She doesn’t write back. But a couple weeks later Aisling actually texts, early in the morning. Just on my plane to NYC! She sends, wanted to follow up about getting together, going to try to make the Thursday show!
Holly asks Norah what to do. 
I can see that you haven’t had any contact with this person using your phone or social media presence for almost a decade, Holly. I don’t see a reason why it would be a priority. 
But Holly kind of wants to, she types back.
I’m not convinced, Holly. You’ve told me to treat ‘career advancement’ as a first priority in making this kind of decision. And since we started that priority structure, I think you’ve found yourself very successful. Do you think that seeing Aisling will help you build the networks and relationships that can help you take the next step?
Norah is right about all this, as usual—and right that things have been going well for Holly since she started asking Norah to make these little decisions for her. It’s actually helped her acting—Norah tells her what to audition for and which events to go to, and so Holly can focus on just being the role. It’s a huge advantage not having to think about her life. 
But she does want to see Aisling—maybe she also wants Aisling to see her, not something that will help the career but that she’ll enjoy. So she ignores Norah, this one time. 
Sounds great babe! Can’t wait to see you! Maybe we can get a drink or something after the show?
I’d love that! Aisling texts, and actually puts three heart emojis.
Then texts again on the day of the show: crap! I guess I needed to get tickets like last year! Oops! 
And then: I’ll try to have a little dinner close to the theater, and then we can maybe link up afterward. 
Link up! Holly thinks, and tries to remember when she depended on this person, when she needed Aisling to tell her everything about what to wear and what to say and who to be. 


*


Aisling, waiting outside the stage door, is thicker than she was 10 years ago, and strainedly professional: a navy skirt and matching blazer, with a pink silk blouse beneath, and pumps with short heels that scrape a little on Division Street as she scurries up to give Holly a hug. 
“Eeeee!” she is emitting, prelude to a flurry of congratulations and excitements. The hug lasts longer than Holly wants, feels grimy, and as they separate, looking at Aisling’s bravely wrong outfit, she feels that she has come into custody of someone, been given the responsibility for a child—she had planned to go around the corner for a single drink but now does not feel she can sustain the hour. Not with this stranger, stolid and earnest—
But perhaps she can bring her to Nico’s, where she will be an oddity—even more curious than Holly herself, who sometimes feels less included than collected, the actress, the girl from the middle of nowhere, a classic New York story, the catalogue of her absences more interesting then her actual presence. She has wished more than once to introduce them to a single other person from the valley, a farmers or ranch hand, someone so thoughtless they’d all realize how much they like Holly, Holly as an actual person, a contributor—Aisling, with her optimistic costume of professionalism, might do. 
And Aisling pays for the cab.
At Nico’s, not much art is being made. There are just a few people there, Nico and some playwright and a girl who has a podcast. They are all on the couches, looking at the sculpture Purity— ‘sort of a Brancusi embryo,’ Nico has called it, that he has spent the last three days marbling with cloudy white and blue paint. Now it is almost done. Aisling walks right in, shoes tapping on the floorboards.
“Oh my god,” she squeals, “a real New York City art studio! Holly, this is so cool. This is so authentic! Oh my God, I love the sculpture! Is this yours? Holly told me so much about you in the car, she said I wasn’t allowed to talk about me until we got here, I’m Aisling, we were friends in college.”
Everyone stands up to shake Aisling’s hand, and by the small smirks Holly thinks this performance is going to go well.
“And I’m just so glad to see Holly, and she’s really making it in New York! She was always so talented! I actually introduced her, I made her sign up for this stupid theater class, and I guess she caught the bug. I just ended up going to law school, ha ha HA, now I’m like a boring mom.”
“You have kids?” asks the podcast girl, who has been talking a lot about wanting to get knocked up and live on a farm lately—as have many people, as has even Nico. An exit, from New York and the whole scene. Holly finds the whole thing gross.
“I am,” Aisling continues, getting out her phone. “Let me show you! This is Tucker, he’s four, and he’s just—oh, there he is on the first day of preschool, he looks like his dad. And then that’s Skyler, she’s just 14 months, she’s my little sweetpea. Oh, and then you can see—that’s our new house, up in the hills, that’s the first day I took Skyler out in the stroller, I was so scared I’d let go and she’d roll all the way down the hill—”
“That’s a real blessing,” says Nico, looking serious. For an instant Holly wonders if she has miscalculated: she had not known Ashley was a mother, and now it feels possible she will win these people over, with her landlocked state and her pickup-loop travails—somehow Aisling, conventional Aisling, living her life on her small safe path, has acquired a mythic authority Holly feels unable to contest. Can she be doing it on purpose?
“Aisling, how has your trip to New York been?” she prompts.
“Ohhh,” Aisling says, unaware she is leaving favorable terrain, “It’s been amazing. We’re staying on the west side, Hell’s Kitchen, it’s so walkable, just amazing, so lively, and we went up to Times Square, and were thinking maybe tomorrow if the meetings get out early we can do the Statue of Liberty. Oh! And Empire State building, we have to do Empire State building, that’s definitely on the list. And Eataly! We’ve just heard such wonderful things about Eataly. But we don’t have as much time as we want, the case is just so exhausting, it’s my first time working out of this office and, well, there’s just so much to do.” 
She goes on and on, naming the worst places in New York with absolute reverence. Had Holly sounded that way? As a freshman? Scared of the city, of everyone who lived there desperate in more ways than she knew—watching Aisling, Holly feels the husk of that girl inside her, thin and scowling, maybe a a monster. And is Aisling, now, scared? She hasn’t considered that Aisling might have something to lose, that anything Holly could do might hurt her. It is what has made it possible for her to try—to bring her here, into this humiliation. The kind of ambush Aisling once defended her from.
Holly has to go to the bathroom. Goes, past racks of paint—sits on the toilet with the stained copy of Zeno Nico keeps back here. On the toilet she starts typing something to Norah, then stops. On the way back she grabs a can of red paint because it was Aisling’s favorite color. And still? And her daughter’s?
“… so glad to see artists,” Aisling is saying. “I mean it’s so important, with—well with the way politics, you know. The way things are. I just think it’s so important to make art. Sometimes I wish I had Holly’s talent—” Holly doesn’t think Aisling intends the smile to be sad, but it opens within her a bottomless crevasse of regret.
When Aisling leaves, 20 minutes later, hugging Holly good night before she gets into another cab, Holly finds herself running back up the stairs frantically, as though to prevent a disaster.
Upstairs there is no disaster: only her boyfriend, and their friend who wants to cast her soon, and the girl from the podcast. They have lit a joint.
“Amazing to meet an actual normie,” says the playwright. “I thought I got rid of all of those a couple years ago.”
“Oh my God,” says the podcast girl. “I think she might’ve cured my trad phase.”
“Did you hear her talking around the politics?” Nico asks. “Holly, I didn’t think you’d be friends with anyone who was such a coward.”
They are all still laughing as Holly opens the can of red paint, dips her fingers in, and flings it at the sculpture: a pox of red dots on the blue cloud. Nico actually laughs at her, says “let’s fucking go,” so Holly picks up the can of red paint and splashes it down the side: paint runs down like blood from a wound. Holly turns to face them, ready for her big scene, the confrontation that will clarify things, mind fumbling at something old and heavy, something about courage and certainty. But as she lifts her accusing hand she notices she does not have an audience—or not a dramatic one, anyways. They are all laughing, laughing at the red paint and Purity and Aisling and Holly herself, and now she is running back down the stairs.
And then she is walking, north and west, through a New York that looks different to her than it did: a wide dirty road between the dark walls, with just a few lights, high up, and death everywhere, and Holly angry because she will only be able to walk for so long before she arrives to someone else’s home. Brightened, she thinks to herself. Brightened and not dimmed.


Nia Watson
Off the Clock


Keegan Smith-Nichols
The Watermelon House


        The porch of the watermelon house is small, barely wide enough to fit the lawn chair, the plastic flamingo, and the bucket of rock salt someone put there long before any of us moved in. In my memory the front door is purple, and I know the lock is sticky. The entryway is a pile of shoes and mailboxes stuffed with letters, cat toys, and dust. A lot of the mail is for people who don’t live there anymore.
        Now that you’ve entered our house, you have two options: a stairway on your right leads to the upper floors, while a hallway on your left brings you to the dining room, where you can continue into the living room or the kitchen. If you choose the kitchen, you’ll come to another set of stairs. Take the stairs down to get to the basement, or follow them up the spiral all the way to the third-floor balcony. Every room in the watermelon house is painted a different color.
        I found the house when I was looking online for a place to live in Madison, preparing to move halfway across the country for grad school to a city where I knew no one. My standards were minimal: I wanted an east-facing window, and I didn’t want a depression apartment. I ruled against basement studio after basement studio. I wanted to live somewhere warm and bright. The listing for the watermelon house had ten pictures available. I studied them—the images were small but promising, showing a kitchen painted purple and the dining room orange. I fell in love with the house through the webcam of someone’s laptop and moved in a few months later.
        I don’t remember how many people lived there with me. I think it was eight, maybe nine, and sometimes ten. I don’t think it was ever more than twelve. That’s the thing about college towns; everyone is always on the move. As soon as the house settled, someone would move out, and then someone new would move in, and once they were settled, someone else would move out. Sometimes people would show up on the doorstep with a baby, saying that they were sorry to intrude, but they’d met years ago while living in the house, and they wanted to introduce their newest addition to a place that mattered so much to them both. I could spend a long time talking about the wonderful qualities of my many wonderful housemates, and that would be a worthwhile exercise, but what I’m more interested in exploring right now is the house itself—a housemate in its own right.
        In my mind the watermelon house is a living thing and it has always existed. We never were able to find out exactly when it had been built, or when it had become a cooperative house, or when it had been painted like a watermelon with teal shingles and pink trim around the windows. An untrained eye might say that the house was full of junk. This is incorrect; the watermelon house was full of things that hadn’t yet found their use. If you looked hard enough, the house always had what you needed. It might take you two or three or four passes through the kitchen drawers, but eventually you would find the Sharpie or the cast iron pan the size of a single egg that you were looking for. If you were lucky, you’d find things you didn’t even know you were looking for.
        A few weeks after I moved to Madison, I walked away from the doctor’s office injected with my first shot of testosterone. I was buoyant. I’d waited more than a decade for this injection, since I was thirteen or fourteen. I didn’t know what informed consent was until I overheard my housemates talking about it. Within a week, I had a prescription. The buoyant feeling lasted until I crossed the street because I realized that no one around me could tell anything was different. The first changes are subtle; they’re easy to miss even if you’re looking for them. Early transition is lonely. The watermelon house watched me count the hairs sprouting on my chin and listened to me record voice memos as I checked if my voice had gotten deeper. It watched as I lifted weights and grew enough muscle to do a real push-up, then sets of ten. At night sometimes I would open random cupboards in the pantry, hoping to find a snack that I’d overlooked last time I checked. The watermelon house understood my ravenous hunger, not only in my stomach but my hunger to be a man, to be liked, to be taken seriously. Living in the watermelon house, surrounded by people who would notice if I disappeared, was the first time I felt like a person. When I graduated and moved away from Madison into a room with drab white walls, I felt like my umbilical cord had been severed.
        I saw the house a few times after I moved out. When I went once for dinner, no one had replaced the batteries in the clock above the dining room table, but the living room had been rearranged. The last time I saw the watermelon house, I sat alone in the driveway in my car, eating a leftover bag of cold Culver’s french fries. It was the end of a short November day and I had a long drive ahead of me. All the lights were off and no one was home. I’d come to say goodbye to a friend who was moving out soon, but I’d just missed her. She was at a housewarming party for another friend. I got out of my car and stood by the front window. I wanted to press my face against the glass and tell the house everything—that I loved it, that I already missed it, that I was going to continue on missing it, that I was lonely without the bustle of living so close to so many other people, that I would pay any price to have that collection of people back, that I wished I could stay and that I knew I had to go. I like to think that the house already knew.
         I don’t know anyone who lives in the watermelon house anymore. I wouldn’t be surprised if it’s been eaten by a developer looking to charge more rent for less space. I’ve left the watermelon house, and I’m entering the rest of my life. Entering and leaving are dependent on perspective. I still cook dinner for people and always make sure there’s enough for leftovers. I keep junk around because someday it might be useful to someone. I don’t live in the watermelon house anymore, but the house has made its home in me.




Alex Bechtel
Interlude Title TK




Kurt David 
Chasing the Line of Beauty
Maya forgave me without fanfare and without my ever having to apologize. We’d hooked up, I’d handled it poorly, but now I was queer, so my bad behavior was recast more generously, as if by the soft string lights that adorned her bedroom off-campus. When she invited me to spend our last winter break together with her family, I tread carefully with my own parents. 
“Mom,” I said on the phone, “Maya invited me to spend Christmas in Nairobi.” 
“But you can’t miss Christmas,” she said. 
“Just this once,” I entreated. 
So my mom brought Christmas to me: a Hallmark card, a cookie tray, and a few gifts I opened after finals under a tree that my roommates and I had decorated sparsely. Though I squirmed the whole weekend, I didn’t spill the secret that my life had sprung like a coiled snake into motion. 
I’d fallen in love. 
Aaron was a freckled boy who stuffed his red curls into a bandana. He kept a messy room and studied the social determinants of health. Our relationship was a long time coming, practically foretold. We’d met three years ago on the debate team, and at the end of our first season, they voted us cutest couple. I found that mortifying beyond words and subsequently kept my distance. But after my first attempt at a gay date, spiked hot chocolate poured down the drain, I kept wondering about Aaron. I dropped a note at his house asking him out. “If you’re not interested,” I clarified, still burned, “please just say so.” I texted him to check his mailbox, and he texted back a picture of a smiling dog. 
We went to see professional actors perform short plays written by 10-year-olds, then slurped noodles at the Cambodian restaurant up the street, where Aaron tucked a precautionary    napkin into his button-up. We walked my dog to a park near campus and divulged family secrets, eager for any shortcut to intimacy. I took his hand, and we made out moonlit by the bay. Then I brought him back to my room for sex on a hand-me-down twin bed with a looping white metal headboard. We laughed as we undressed. We saw each other again, then again. Aaron took me to a jazz bar whose house band had played every Monday night for decades. It was standing-room only. The gabby hostess called us darling and directed us to a table wrapped in tinsel and laid with complimentary pasta and miniature tuna sandwiches. As the band wailed on stage, I was so weak in the knees that I leaned on Aaron the whole time.
I love to visit my friends’ childhood homes. To meet my chosen family’s families and sit on a swing at their elementary school playgrounds, coaxing out reminiscences. “We followed a British curriculum in primary school,” Maya would tell us later, “so all the stories I wrote were about girls who didn’t look like me complaining about weather I’d never seen. All those gray, rainy days and snow in the moors.” But first I arrived alone, two days ahead of Maya, because the flight was that much cheaper. Maya’s grandparents, Mau and Papa, graciously agreed to accommodate me. Their driver picked me up from the airport in the earliest hours of the morning. Their house was palatial. Prominent Indians in Kenya, Mau was a retired kindergarten teacher who spoke severely, and Papa padded through the house with his hands clasped behind his back. The news was always on. A girl my age had just been gang-raped and murdered in West Delhi, and we watched the case unfold in the sitting room. Mau was livid, cursing the TV. Protesters marched in the streets all across India. “Good,” she decreed. At meals, I was served heaping spoonfuls of dal, and the more I ate, the more I was fed. We sat for a proper teatime, usually Papa and I, both of us eating too many biscuits.
Indulgence is how I remember those two days, dozens of interstitial hours lived in technicolor. I slept late and spent most hours between meals reading on the back patio and swimming in the pool. I listened on repeat to albums that will always seem to me quintessentially queer, though that’s pure projection: a baby gay in a baggy swimsuit, whisper-singing the key changes from Beyonce’s 4 and humming off-key to Purity Ring’s shrines, whose lyrics I felt were better left unparsed, woozy with synth. The garden was a sunny riot. Had I ever felt so happy? I’d met a man, and I was brimming. 
Good thing I’d packed a gay novel for the trip, capacious enough to collect my spillover. For years I’d avoided gay lit the way I’d avoided gay people: with diligence, out of fear. But after I came out to my friends (selectively mass email, subject line: “Update”), I hustled into the library. By then I’d already come across Alan Hollinghurst’s The Line of Beauty, felt called to it, and brushed away the presentiment. But now I was ready to see what I’d been missing. 
Poolside at Mau and Papa’s, I followed winsome Oxford grad Nick Guest as he navigated British high-society and its homosexual underbelly: cruising in public parks, sneaking around and snorting coke with a married man. I annotated the book with a fine-tipped Sharpie, the pages thick enough that my markings never bled through. It feels invasive—a betrayal of my younger self’s privacy—to leaf through the book more than ten years later and uncover what had meant something to me in my nascent queerness. Two long, neat lines drawn next to this passage: 


He was gasping from the rush of reciprocity, the fact of being made love to. Nothing at the pub, in their aimless conversation, had even hinted at it. He’d never seen it described in a book. He was achingly ready and completely unprepared...He thought he saw the point of kissing but also its limitations—it was an instinct, a means of expression, of mouthing a passion but not of satisfying it. So his right hand, that was lightly clutching Leo’s waist, set off, still doubting its freedom, to dawdle over his plump buttocks and then squeeze them through the soft old denim. 


As I try to inhabit the kid, owning his queerness, falling in love for the first time, who first encountered these words, they feel almost too resonant. An effortless, oversized haiku: the rush of reciprocity / achingly ready and completely unprepared / still doubting its freedom. Was I scandalized? Electrified? To see myself so mirrored in a book that had all along been out there just begging for me to pick it up. Even humiliated? That it had ever felt so hard to live out my queerness, as if no one had done it before and under much worse duress.


The title for Hollinghurst’s novel comes from William Hogarth’s 1753 treatise on the aesthetics of beauty. “The eye hath this sort of enjoyment in winding walks, and serpentine rivers,” he argues, “whose forms...are composed principally of [waving lines].” For Hogarth, an artist, these are “lines of beauty” because they evoke liveliness and motion, and he prescribes them in spite of the “strong prejudice...that a person should be straight as an arrow.” He considers a sculpture of Antinous, the famously handsome young Greek. You can draw a thin S from the top of his turned head, to his shoulder, out to the left hand on his jutting hip, then back to his bent right knee, down to his foot. Hogarth praises Antinous’ “easy and gracefully-turned attitude,” the way he stands there “crooked as a ram’s horn.” 


[IMAGE INSERT]
Me? I’d just say he’s gi-ving. 
I couldn’t relate to The Line of Beauty’s furtive, narcotic sex, but I was excited by it. (I would have been wise not to read this particular book in public.) What waited for me when I got back home, to Aaron? I lay awake in the guest room at night, reading till odd hours and longing for him. The curve of his hip bone, the dimple on his lower back. “He wondered if they were sharing this sense of ghostly proximity,” Hollinghurst writes, “if Wani was lying with his eyes open, thinking of him, listening for him, masturbating perhaps as Nick half consciously was—not even that, just a boyish solace and reflex of being alone, the blind friendship of the hand...” I had a new past and an uncertain future, lines rippling out from a changed present. So few people knew that about me: my right hand and other closest friends; Aaron; and the googled image of Hollinghurst, smiling at me with his slicked-back hair. 
“Tell me about your book,” Papa said to me at lunch on my first afternoon. He wore an all-white kurta pajama. He spoke slowly. 
“Oh,” I said, glancing at its stately cover, a wrought-iron gate in the shape of lilting curlicues. “Britain in the 1980s. The main character just danced with Margaret Thatcher.” 
“That sounds interesting,” he said. “Maybe I’ll read it after you finish.” “Oh,” I said again. “Sure...” I was right to assume Papa was just being polite. He never mentioned the book again, but I waited for days for that other house slipper to drop, when I’d have to say, “You know, Papa, I really don’t think it’s your cup of tea.” Then, if pressed: “I’m sorry, but I dropped it in the bath!”  


Here are the only actual words I wrote in the margins: “SO GUILTY!” In some ways, I suppose, we never change: I’ll shoulder my Catholic guilt to the grave. “Nick’s mother rang and talked excitedly about the election,” Hollinghurst writes toward the end of the novel, “which she seized on as a chance to share in Nick’s London life. He was cool and humourless with her, and saw himself, as so often, almost blaming her for not knowing the important thing he was incapable of telling her.” On the one hand, maybe I meant Nick felt “so guilty!” for not coming out to his mother. On the likelier hand: drag me. 
I was cool and humorless even before I knew I was gay, effecting an elitism for which my mom had little patience. And now my queerness wedged even more difference, more distance, between us. I also blamed my parents for not knowing. At 13, I’d climbed between them in their bed and asked, “What does ‘gay’ mean?” I was so full of the word I thought it might leak out of me, like during my monologue in drama class or while asking my mom for a krimpet before dinner. I can’t remember if they answered my question that night, but the word wouldn’t go away, and months later, the TV on mute, they asked if I thought I might be gay. “Because we will love you no matter what,” my mom said. “You know that, don’t you?” I assured them that wasn’t it, they suggested I talk to a therapist, at which point the whole thing seemed too real, so I lied and said I was fine. We never mentioned it again. 
Before graduation, when my parents would have to meet Aaron for the first time, I came out to them, also by email. On our Skype follow-up, my mom told me she was worried about not having grandkids to take to Disney World, and my dad said he was worried about AIDS. I didn’t harbor that fear, not yet. So when Nick ambiguously contracts HIV at the end of the novel, it was hard to feel latched to that history. Not when I was only having tentative sex with my hypochondriac prospective boyfriend. Not when I was in the ornate custody of Mau and Papa. I felt safe—no, reckless. Impatient, finally, to abandon straight lines for lines of beauty, and to follow them wherever they took me.
Maya flew in. I was almost sad for her to puncture my strange layover, already possessive of her grandparents. Almost. We gossiped in bed, and I was insufferable, squealing about Aaron, kicking at the duvet cover over the thought of Papa reading about “Wani with his pants around his ankles, too crammed with coke to get an erection, in slavish subjection to the orgy on screen...” I was thrilled about our trip ahead. We would climb Mt. Kenya, take a boat out on the coast, dance to oldies with Maya’s mom on Christmas Eve. But I admit my mind would keep wandering back across the ocean, where Aaron saw Sufjan in concert (“He’s the closest thing we have to a prophet!”) and was taking care of a neighbor’s sickly dog. I’d email him whenever possible. Race up to the home office, find his latest message, and compose a reply so absurdly restrained that Aaron later told me he hadn’t been sure how I felt about him, hadn’t known where the two of us might be going. We dated for years. I had so much to learn.     
Marie Anne Arreola
The Replicator in the Ribcage


TK


Hannah Rubin
Natalie,


I would have punched you back then, if you’d have called it an affair. It wasn’t anything  lesbian like that. It just was—our tongues and cocks and legs glued together. We’d barely made it  out of the car. Her velvet dress against my arm, I was glinting and in secret.   
But that was all back then, years and years ago. I don't even know Natalie anymore. I  think she moved to Colorado at some point to be closer to her dad. It was a summer and then a  fall of intensity, I think back on it like a favorite movie. Us tearing into one another and knowing  nothing other than how we made ourselves glow. It was a surprising way to become gay, at least  that’s what I had thought. Though I didn’t really use that word back then either: gay. There was  certainly no one around me using that word. I remember a few years later, learning about the  word “pansexual.” How charming, I thought to myself, to love everyone. I liked it: it felt vague  enough to describe nothing at all. 
Being a lesbian was like this gross thing that happened to you if your husband died and  you had cankles. We berated our English teachers mercilessly. “Lesbians,” we’d mutter under our  breath as they walked past in their strange denim skirts and dangly earrings. Clara always chided  me for being a lesbian when she was annoyed with me. 
“Ugh, don’t be such a lesbian about it Morgan,” she’d say, rolling her eyes.
Clara had straight brown hair and always smelled like talcum powder and sweat. She was  my prettiest friend, and also my most insecure friend. When being photographed, she always  found a way to twist her body so that only the side of her head, or her exaggeratedly protruded  collarbones, were showing. I found this unbearably sexy, so I started doing it as well. Because of  this, I have no good photographs of myself from when I was a teenager. Every one is either hair  falling in front of my face or the side of my arm.
It was Clara who showed me how to round my fingers with soft firmness in order to give  a proper hand job. “Remember to keep your thumb up on the top as you move up and down, they  really like that.”
Of course Clara had already had sex, well, sort of—half-sex, as we used to call it. This  French guy had tried putting it in, one night, at a party, but it had barely entered her before she  started screaming in pain. She was mortified to be half a virgin but was even more mortified to  try again. She was stuck in this hellish limbo and so she fixated her attention on me: suddenly,  she had an over investment in me losing my virginity, and I took up being the focus of her  attention with studious joy. 
The problem was that there were no boys I liked. Anywhere. I mean, yeah, sure, I had  crushes and stuff, but whenever it came time to close that last inch and bring our faces together,  I’d balk. There was always something wrong. Like, he had a blackhead right above his lip that I  didn’t want to touch with my lip, or his forehead seemed sweaty. Stuff like that.
One night, Clara locked me in a bedroom at a party in order to get me and this guy Jared  to hook up. It was right at the start of summer. I was wearing a padded fuchsia bra underneath a  floppy blue dress and I felt pretty enough to be kissed. I remember the straps of my dress falling  all across my upper arms, as we rolled in a mash against the walls. He got me onto the bed, and  we rolled around some more. I was an expert roller at that point, so happy just to be a body  pressing and gyrating against other bodies. The bulges that poked and prodded didn’t bother me,  I think because I was too naive to understand what they were trying to communicate. To me, a  bulging penis meant that someone was happy with how things were going. Not that they were  eager for it to be going a different way. Clara was MAD when she found out that I hadn’t even  given Jared a hand job. “It’s rude,” she said to me two days later, as we were walking to third  period English. “It’s really very rude not to reciprocate.” I felt embarrassed. I had enjoyed  everything we did. When he had slid his hand under my dress and then down into my underpants,  I had bitten his lip with affirmation. I loved feeling him there—inside of me, roaming around,  being gentle and firm. I had been quite drunk, and I remember my vision going staccato for a few  moments while he was touching me—as though someone was flicking the light-switch on and  off. I felt proud of myself, while it was happening, because I was convinced that I must be  having an orgasm. I had never had an orgasm and it would be a few more years before I properly  did. So, for a long time, this experience felt like the most ecstasy I could hope to experience from  sex. And this made me feel really happy. I was only sixteen but my body had been able to do the  thing that everyone was so obsessed with, the single thing in our culture that seemed to make  everyone’s life feel meaningful and worth living.
I met Natalie later that summer, at a sleepaway art camp. She made me fifteen mix CDs  and I’m embarrassed to say that I didn’t realize we were in love. We used to stay up until 2 a.m.  watching movies on her laptop and listening to music in her bed. She taught me how to draw  eight different kinds of bubble letters and I taught her how to stretch and pin her shirts into tube  tops. I never slept over in her room though—no matter how late it got, as though there was an  unspoken agreement that I should leave to go do actual sleeping in my own bed.
One Saturday, we did a bunch of this guy’s adderall together and walked out to a grassy  area by a small pond. She spent hours working very fastidiously on a flower crown, I stared at  the water while barely containing my intrusive thoughts. I don’t remember what they were, just  that they were loud and heavy. A texture like grinding the soft body of my brain against chain  mail. After a few hours, I pretended I had to go to the bathroom and instead locked myself in a  broom closet. I stayed there, in the broom closet, for hours. There was a pile of old mattresses  and I pushed one over slightly so that I could fit in between them. I didn’t answer any of the text  messages on my phone, but I did write eleven pages in my journal. I’ve never tried to read that  journal entry because the font was very large and uncontained as it spilled across the page. When  I finally crawled back to my room, there were a few pieces of paper on my floor that had been  pushed through the slat underneath my door: Natalie had written them all. Wondering if I was  okay and telling me that she was here if I needed anything, really. I picked the notes up and  pressed them to my chest. I read them a few times, then felt embarrassed and pushed them into  one of the lower drawers of my desk. My face was red and I looked abhorrent. I got in the  shower and let the water fall all over me. I felt stingy. I scrubbed at my eyes. I scrubbed at the    skin on my neck and shoulders, my stomach and the backs of my legs. I didn’t have any soap or  a loofah, I just used the water and my fists. Then, around seven, I put clothes on and walked to  the dining hall. I found Natalie, and a group of other art kids, sitting at a large booth in the back  of the hall. She seemed nervous. She waved me over. I smiled back and turned left, to grab a tray.
Natalie lived in New Jersey and went to public school. She told me all about her friend  Magdalene who was ruining her life. I could commiserate: I kind of felt that way about Clara  sometimes. I didn’t want Natalie to go back to New Jersey and be at Magdalene’s whims, but  there was nothing I could do about it. Also her parents seemed really unhinged, and I was  nervous for her to be back in that situation as well. But the most we could do was give each other  many hugs at the end of the summer and promise to stay friends. It was hard to keep in touch and  I felt this weird hole where she used to be. When I got back to New York, Clara wasn’t very  interested in the summer I had had with Natalie. I had a stack of mix CDs, each one with  Natalie’s sharpied scrawl. “Sad songs,” “Dancey songs,” “Horny songs,” “More sad songs.”    The truth is that Natalie and I only ever hooked up one time. And it was quick, drunk. We  were at a bar in New York, there were couches everywhere. It was a few months later. We kept  taking shots and smiling at each other. All of our other friends slowly left. It was some kind of art  camp reunion. We had all met up to see a punk show and then kept drinking afterwards. We both  had fake IDs. She was wearing her hair down, curly. No makeup. I had blow dried my hair and  was wearing a black mini skirt with a loose leopard printed tank top. I felt her fingers on my  shoulder as she passed me my drink. We started talking about guys. I can’t remember how it  happened, that we went the long distance. Was it I who leaned towards her or her who leaned    towards me? All I remember is that it felt funny. We were doing it because it was funny. And  then we had moved from the bar to one of the couches, and I was straddling her and we weren’t  really laughing any more, but then sometimes when we’d pull our mouths apart, we’d be  laughing. I bit my lip and she told me I was a good kisser. I felt her hands on my waist. My  genitals were growling. It was getting later and later. I wanted to touch her everywhere. She was  staying at Jane’s house and I was supposed to go home. My parents were weird about sleepovers:  it was always a thing if I wanted to spend the night. She whispered into my ear, do you want to  come home with me? I whispered back, yes.
And then. Maybe I build up the whole fantasy: the fantasy of the summer and the fall and  the intoxication of our bodies spilling out of cars and into fields, because of this. This one small  decision big decision. Maybe it isn’t a lie, what I said earlier about us, but a truth that exists  somewhere else—like a different version of it. Maybe nothing is a lie in the multiverse. Maybe  queer people need this multiverse so we don’t spend our lives regretting everything we never did.  Maybe there is somewhere, a place and time, where she really was wearing velvet—or—where  we both were. 
We ambled into a cab. She told the driver Jane’s address. Suddenly we were shy. It wasn’t  the bar anymore. There wasn’t music or sultry lights or the din of sex. It was cold leather seats  and my dry mouth. There was the space of a seat between us. I couldn’t look over at her. I could  only look out the window. I watched the streets pass by. Glinting streetlights in the dew on the  window glass. Colors: red. Green. 27th street. Yellow. White. 34th street. 42nd street. I saw the  train station. I asked the cab driver to stop. Sir, can you stop? He stopped. I turned my head. I    think I’ll just get out here, head home. I’m super tired. Yeah, I’ll just head home.
I didn’t even reach over to give her a hug. I just smiled awkwardly, opened the door, and  jumped out of the cab. Walked to the train station. Waited for the train. Rode the train home. 
I texted her the next morning to say I slept well and asked her how the rest of her night  went. She took a while to write back. She said her night was great, she and Jane smoked a bowl  and then passed out while watching The Office. I said we should really hang out again. It took  her a full day to respond. She said yeah sure, sounds good.